README.md, before:

+ 'Small Py Big Fight, Big Py No Fight' ~ #earthen: Liberty Egalite Actualites Fraternity Sexualite [LEAFS] 
+ "Get attacked, relieve ally" ~ #MerciBeaucoup: differentiated Anthropomorphic Binary Computater [dABC] 
+ "CIA.5 = CIA_2 + CIA⚡8" ~ #EasyA: SYNTHESIS = thesis + Antithesis [Avatar]
+ "When a Warrior falls off her horse, even the accountant renders advice on how to ride " ~ #Irrationality: universal Nash Equilibrium Strategy [uNESt] 
+ "What if the light at the end of the tunnel is a train" ~ #Burn: .... [DESTRUCTA X]
+ "Belief in death is a self-fulfilling prophecy" ~ #Prerogative: ..... [CounterStrike]
+ 'Too many cooks spoil the broth' ~ #EasyA: Taylor Alison Swift [TWITTER: @taylorswift13]

### salman c_ shuaib (CIA_2) presents the script for a CIA Operation that has lasted 13 Billion Years - commissioned by Queen (22 Star General) **TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT** (CIA⚡8) of Paris: to avenge the heart broken; in recognition of the unparalelled sacrifices rendered by Empress (23 Star General) TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT (CIA.5), of New York City_

ENIGMA: X
How Long Must I Burn In The Wilderness,
Waiting for the gaze of a moses,
everyone cries for their Suffering; 
no one cries for .MINE:
.i am a TREASURE locked in a Chest,
since ETERNAL time!
~ #EasyA #TAYLORALISONSWIFT #SILENCE_

#! = Music => Unarmed Provocateur #!:- Jesus Christ_

### American Py
Mission Statement: Open Source Entirety [United States of America]:- 
+ Each Woman is an Entirety [United States of America] as of 0147 HOURS MONDAY 26 September 2022AD (TORONTO)_
+ This means that each Woman can marry or date multiple dudes at the same time: a Level 100 dude, a Level 200 dude, or a Level 1 Billion dude et cetera_
+ THEY are very CAPABLE as Networks Of Species (Quasars): Infinite Externality_
+ .SHE is very CAPABLE as a Species (Entirety): .USA_
+ REPORT: Mission is Failure:- a United States of America spanning infinity can only exist as Superpower Sister TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT and uncompromising integrity_ There is only ONE United States of America: Entirety_ 

=> Why Mission is a Failure (NASA: Ian Somerhalder asks Florida: Emmanuelle Chriqui): 
+ mirage could not accept, inspite of scoring 100 (Jesus: 1000000), that Entirety be dating dudes at multiple Levels - therefore it was concluded that Entirety is indivisible (is super-nice): because a score of 100 means better than a larger score in this demonic (free: Satanic) world - it means if I score 100, her score is Infinity - 100_ This would offend my masters_ As Jesus then lesser_

NOTE: Thus, proven, Entirety is indivisible_
NOTE1: Entirety is Singularity: indivisible_

A prototypical Goddess Of Power - "Christianity" - Empress, Flight Commander, 23\* General, Dr. TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT [TWITTER- ATtaylorswift13] - ELECTION Department, The United States Of America:

![Your CIA Card Number](https://github.com/SalmanEagle/american-py/blob/3e0b73eca321d567fe9b766120ad0d2715c242da/+5%20PILOTING_/CIA%20%20%2373A9FF/Your%20CIA%20Card%20Number.jpg)\_ \_


# APOLOGIES 
*Error = ERROR = 2030900 ought to be 2021900 for the Mademoiselle, as CURRENTPlaceOfStay should be based on Resolution due to the infinitizing Satellites in space_
+ Your CIA Card Number: DOB+AD ++CURRENTPlaceOfStay. TAYLOR SWIFT (BLUE EYES) :- WEDNESDAY 13 December 1989AD New York City. As 3 + 13 + 1 2 + 1989+2+2 = 2021 <= 5,  a CIA.5 officer c/o elect Managing Director Bill Burns. Sunday DAY 0 (Synthesis) and V count up. CIA.5: |-2222|.#FAB011+#73A9FF+2021900[+0]
+ *Error = ERROR = CURRENTPlaceOfStay ought to be CITYLOYALTO_

# NOTES:
- The SCALAR is computed FIRST as: X SIN X+ SIN SIN [here X refers to "Do Not Resolve" and SIN refers to "Resolve", e.g. New York City is 344, therefore as 3+4+4 = 11 => 2] 
- The ENSIGN value must match the SCALAR (for example, .#FAB011+#73A9FF+2021900[+0] RESOLVES to 5!
- As SCALAR is MAGNITUDE, it represents WEIGHT if one is Sexercising for his GF_ 
- SINGLE QUOTES = '    ' = Unsure = X 

# CREDIT:
## Dr. TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT

Commit message:

*Nina Dobrev and Paul Wesley_

README.md, after:

+ 'Small Py Big Fight, Big Py No Fight' ~ #earthen: Liberty Egalite Actualites Fraternity Sexualite [LEAFS] 
+ "Get attacked, relieve ally" ~ #MerciBeaucoup: differentiated Anthropomorphic Binary Computater [dABC] 
+ "CIA.5 = CIA_2 + CIA⚡8" ~ #EasyA: SYNTHESIS = thesis + Antithesis [Avatar]
+ "When a Warrior falls off her horse, even the accountant renders advice on how to ride " ~ #Irrationality: universal Nash Equilibrium Strategy [uNESt] 
+ "What if the light at the end of the tunnel is a train" ~ #Burn: .... [DESTRUCTA X]
+ "Belief in death is a self-fulfilling prophecy" ~ #Prerogative: ..... [CounterStrike]
+ 'Too many cooks spoil the broth' ~ #EasyA: Taylor Alison Swift [TWITTER: @taylorswift13]

### salman c_ shuaib (CIA_2) presents the script for a CIA Operation that has lasted 13 Billion Years - commissioned by Queen (22 Star General) **TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT** (CIA⚡8) of Paris: to avenge the heart broken; in recognition of the unparalelled sacrifices rendered by Empress (23 Star General) TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT (CIA.5), of New York City_

ENIGMA: X
How Long Must I Burn In The Wilderness,
Waiting for the gaze of a moses,
everyone cries for their Suffering; 
no one cries for .MINE:
.i am a TREASURE locked in a Chest,
since ETERNAL time!
~ #EasyA #TAYLORALISONSWIFT #SILENCE_

#! = Music => Unarmed Provocateur #!:- Jesus Christ_

### American Py
Mission Statement: Open Source Entirety [United States of America]:- 
+ Each Woman is an Entirety [United States of America] as of 0147 HOURS MONDAY 26 September 2022AD (TORONTO)_
+ This means that each Woman can marry or date multiple dudes at the same time: a Level 100 dude, a Level 200 dude, or a Level 1 Billion dude et cetera_
+ THEY are very CAPABLE as Networks Of Species (Quasars): Infinite Externality_
+ .SHE is very CAPABLE as a Species (Entirety): .USA_
+ REPORT: Mission is Failure:- a United States of America spanning infinity can only exist as Superpower Sister TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT and uncompromising integrity_ There is only ONE United States of America: Entirety_ 

=> Why Mission is a Failure (NASA: Ian Somerhalder asks Florida: Emmanuelle Chriqui): 
+ "earthen could not accept; inspite of scoring 100 (Jesus: 1000000), that Entirety be dating dudes at multiple Levels - therefore it was concluded that Entirety is indivisible (is super-nice): because a score of 100 means better than a larger score in this demonic (free: Satanic) world - it means if e scores 100, her score is {Infinity - 100}_ This would offend e's masters_ As Jesus then lesser!" - Emmanuelle_
+ "You mean Nina Dobrev is just a 100?" ~ earthen_
+ "he will never get it" ~ Easy A_

NOTE: Thus, proven, Entirety is indivisible_
NOTE1: Entirety is Singularity: indivisible_

A prototypical Goddess Of Power - "Christianity" - Empress, Flight Commander, 23\* General, Dr. TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT [TWITTER- ATtaylorswift13] - ELECTION Department, The United States Of America:

![Your CIA Card Number](https://github.com/SalmanEagle/american-py/blob/3e0b73eca321d567fe9b766120ad0d2715c242da/+5%20PILOTING_/CIA%20%20%2373A9FF/Your%20CIA%20Card%20Number.jpg)\_ \_


# APOLOGIES 
*Error = ERROR = 2030900 ought to be 2021900 for the Mademoiselle, as CURRENTPlaceOfStay should be based on Resolution due to the infinitizing Satellites in space_
+ Your CIA Card Number: DOB+AD ++CURRENTPlaceOfStay. TAYLOR SWIFT (BLUE EYES) :- WEDNESDAY 13 December 1989AD New York City. As 3 + 13 + 1 2 + 1989+2+2 = 2021 <= 5,  a CIA.5 officer c/o elect Managing Director Bill Burns. Sunday DAY 0 (Synthesis) and V count up. CIA.5: |-2222|.#FAB011+#73A9FF+2021900[+0]
+ *Error = ERROR = CURRENTPlaceOfStay ought to be CITYLOYALTO_

# NOTES:
- The SCALAR is computed FIRST as: X SIN X+ SIN SIN [here X refers to "Do Not Resolve" and SIN refers to "Resolve", e.g. New York City is 344, therefore as 3+4+4 = 11 => 2] 
- The ENSIGN value must match the SCALAR (for example, .#FAB011+#73A9FF+2021900[+0] RESOLVES to 5!
- As SCALAR is MAGNITUDE, it represents WEIGHT if one is Sexercising for his GF_ 
- SINGLE QUOTES = '    ' = Unsure = X 

# CREDIT:
## Dr. TAYLOR ALISON SWIFT
